# Shopify  

## Install theme kit

Mac OS

```
brew tap shopify/shopify
brew instal themekit
```

Windows

```
choco install themekit
```



## Create a new theme

## Create a development store to build and test your theme

[Anchor link to section titled "Create a development store to build and test your theme"](https://shopify.dev/docs/themes/tools/development-stores#create-a-development-store-to-build-and-test-your-theme)

1. From your Partner Dashboard, click [**Stores**](https://partners.shopify.com/current/stores).

2. Click **Add store** > **Create development store**.

3. In the **Development store use** section, select **Create a store to test and build**.

4. In the **Store details** section, enter a name for your store.

   The store name is used to create the store's myshopify.com URL. This URL can't be changed.

5. Choose the build that you want to use.

   If you select a **Developer preview**, then you can  select a developer preview version from the drop-down list. Development  stores that use a developer preview can't be transferred to a merchant.

6. Under **Data and configurations**, choose whether to start with an empty store, or with a store that's populated with test  data generated by Shopify. Stores that start with generated test data  can't be transferred to a merchant.

7. Click **Create development store**.

   

1. Go to the store

2. Goto App > App and sales channel settings > click Develop app

3. Goto App development > Configuration
   - View or manage theme templates and assets > ckeck read and write theme 

4. Goto App development > API credentials
   - Access tokens > Install app 

Create new theme

```
theme new --password=[your-password] --store="[your-store.myshopify.com]" --name=[theme name]
```

## Object > all_products

Index.liquid

```
{{ all_products['fitra'].title }}

{{ all_products['fitra'].price|money }}
```



## Tags > Variable tags

Index.liquid

```
{% assign mainProduct = all_products['fitra'] %}

{{ mainProduct.title }}

{{ mainProduct.price | money }}

{{ mainProduct.url }}
```

​	
